= google-blogsearch-pings

The Google Blog Search Pinging Service API allows users who frequently update their blog to programmatically inform
Google Blog Search about changes to their blogs. Blogging provider admins can also use this API to notify Google of
changes to blogs on their platform(s).

== Installation

  gem install google-blogsearch-pings
  
== Usage

  google = Google::Blogsearch::Ping.new("Name of Blog", "http://www.nameofblog.com/rss.xml")
  google.ping!

The above usage will infer the website as well as the path to the updated page from the URL of the RSS feed.
Alternatively, you can set them explicitly using the following syntax:

  google = Google::Blogsearch::Ping.new("Name of Blog", "http://www.nameofblog.com/rss.xml",
                                        :site => "http://www.thesitename.com",
                                        :updated => "http://www.nameofblog.com/path/to/updated/file.html")
  google.ping!
  
Finally, you can tag the ping with keywords:

  google = Google::Blogsearch::Ping.new("Name of Blog", "http://www.nameofblog.com/rss.xml",
                                        :site => "http://www.thesitename.com",
                                        :updated => "http://www.nameofblog.com/path/to/updated/file.html",
                                        :tags => %w(ruby rails))
  google.tags #=> ["ruby", "rails"]
  
  google.ping!

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Colin MacKenzie IV. See LICENSE for details.
